what's up guys freaking teknion here
continuing the tec-9 series that i have
in my channel and we're going to talk
about not tech nine today but we're
going to talk about stevie stone who is
another rap artists as under tec-9s
label and i noticed that on Instagram
this morning he took to his Instagram
and I believe also Twitter and social
media and finally announced his new
album that's going to be coming out in a
little over a month June the 30th it's
called malta bend the light his last
album two birds one stone came out
August thirteenth of back in 2013 so
yeah we'll be getting some new music
from stevie stone he actually wasn't
featured on tech 9 special effects album
which I was actually kind of shocked but
other than that it looks like yeah be
getting some new material from this
rapper and then also i'm going to link
down below if you want an autographed
copy of his CD you can pre-order it from
the strange music site and then also
you'll get a limited edition extra large
multi Bend shirt promoting the album and
also of course the strange music sticker
and then you get like a bonus mp3 track
and so yeah so get over to that site now
and pre-order his album and we'll be
seeing if he releases any singles along
the way I bet he will release at least a
couple so we'll keep an eye on keep an
eye on that but yeah guys do you listen
to Stevie stone are you excited for this
album to come please let me know down in
the comments please subscribe to more
content to come for the tech nine series
and then also check out my gears of war
series that I have and then also
achievement videos gameplay videos and
much more also covering just recently
the witcher 3 i'm going to be posting
videos on each of the quests and extra
content on that so look out
that but thanks guys thank you for
watching and I'll be seeing you on the
next video